near Yippee Noodle Bar . 
 END START The Japanese place is near The Sorrento in the riverside district , it is called Browns Cambridge and is family friendly . 
 END START The Olive Grove is a pub that s family - friendly that is less than £ 20 located in the city centre . 
 END START For cheap fast food in
the riverside called The Twenty Two . It is family friendly and family friendly UNK . 
 END START The Punter is in the riverside area . It is a children friendly restaurant with a more than £ 30 price range and is located near The Portland Arms . 
 END START The Wrestlers is a restaurant serving UNK food in the mid -
Plaza Hotel in the city centre , is a fast food coffee shop that isn ' t family - friendly . 
 END START The Golden Curry is a non - child friendly French restaurant located near The Bakers . This is a moderately priced , family friendly restaurant . 
 END START There is a coffee shop called Fitzbillies . It is children
Rice Boat provides Chinese food in the £ 20 - 25 price range . It is located in the riverside . It is near Express by Holiday Inn . Its customer rating is high . 
 END START The Waterman is is providing Indian food in the high price price range . It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is 1
near Avalon . It has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 , it is located in the city centre . 
 END START The riverside , Bibimbap House , serves French food . 
 END START The Phoenix provides Indian food in the moderate price range . It is in the city centre . It is near
is a pub providing Chinese food in the more than £ 30 price range . It is near Café Rouge . 
 END START A restaurant providing Japanese food in the cheap price range is the Browns Cambridge . 
 END START The Twenty Two is a family friendly Italian food place . 
 END START The Twenty Two is a riverside area restaurant
friendly restaurant serving Chinese food at a low price range . It located close to Rainbow Vegetarian Café . 
 END START Fitzbillies , a coffee shop in the city centre , has a low customer rating , and serves French food for less than £ 20 . It is family - friendly . 
 END START Loch Fyne is a fast - food
centre of the city . It is child friendly and serves Chinese food . 
 END START Located near Clare Hall in the city centre , the fast food restaurant Bibimbap House , offering food priced at £ 20 - 25 . 
 END START The Wrestlers is a moderate place that is not family - friendly and has great Italian food . 

customer rating . 
 END START The Golden Curry which serves fast food has an average customer rating . It is family - friendly . 
 END START The Vaults , is a 1 - star coffee shop in the low price range . It is located near Café Brazil . 
 END START In the riverside area near Raja Indian Cuisine , there
The Waterman is an adult oriented Chinese restaurant with a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 located in the city centre . 
 END START The Waterman has Chinese food with a moderate price range and an average customer rating . It is kid friendly located in Riverside . 
 END START The Punter , located in side
and an average customer rating . 
 END START The Twenty Two is a family friendly fast food restaurant . 
 END START The Mill is a pub that serves Indian food . It is located in riverside . 
 END START The Golden Curry is a Chinese restaurant . It is not family friendly with a low customer rating . 
 END START
near Rainbow Vegetarian Café . 
 END START If you 're UNK try The Plough , a moderately priced Japanese pub . It is for adults and located near Café Rouge . 
 END START The Cambridge Blue is a English food restaurant with a low customer rating . 
 END START Fitzbillies Japanese coffee shop . It is located in the Riverside area
near Raja Indian Cuisine . It is family friendly . 
 END START The Golden Curry is a family friendly place that serves Chinese food located near the Café Rouge in Riverside , but has a poor customer rating . 
 END START Cocum is a reasonably priced coffee shop . It is not family friendly . 
 END START Browns Cambridge is a
is more than £ 30 . 
 END START The Golden Curry is near The Bakers , it serves English food . It is low priced and family friendly . 
 END START The Punter is a Chinese restaurant with a moderate price range . 
 END START There is an establishment in the city centre that serves fast food . It is called
is not family - friendly place is in the price range of less than £ 20 but has a low customer rating . 
 END START Taste of Cambridge is a small restaurant , at less than average prices . It has low customer ratings . 
 END START Green Man provides Indian food It is located in the riverside . It is near
restaurant . 
 END START The Eagle is a restaurant serving Italian food . 
 END START The Mill is a a pub that offers Indian food located in a riverside area and has cheap price range 
 END START In Riverside , there is a moderately priced Fast food , restaurant named The Alimentum . It is kid friendly . 
 END START
. 
 END START The Eagle serves Chinese food and has a customer rating of 5 out 5 
 END START Alimentum provides Indian food in the moderate price range . It is located in the city centre . Its customer rating is 3 out of 5 . 
 END START The Golden Palace is a three star coffee shop , located within the
Japanese food with a high price range . 
 END START With a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , the expensive coffee shop near Café Brazil in the riverside area . 
 END START The Golden Curry is a kids friendly Fast food food restaurant . It is located near The Bakers with moderate price range . 
 END START Strada is
. 
 END START There is a high priced Indian food place called Alimentum near Yippee Noodle Bar in the riverside area . 
 END START Bibimbap House is a eatery offering fast food cheap located in the riverside area near Clare Hall . 
 END START The Wildwood restaurant is near Café Rouge in riverside and has an average customer rating . 

average cost but UNK option . 
 END START The Rice Boat is a French restaurant with high prices . It is however not child friendly . 
 END START The Waterman offers Japanese food with a moderate price range , and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars . it is based in the riverside area . 
 END START A
that serves Italian food and is not family friendly . It has an average customer rating . 
 END START Browns Cambridge serves Indian food and has an average price . It has customer ratings . 
 END START Located in the center of the city is the family friendly Giraffe pub that serves English food . 
 END START The Rice Boat is
restaurant in riverside near The Bakers . 
 END START The Twenty Two is a city center , next to The Rice Boat with average customer rating 
 END START The Eagle is a good place that serves moderately priced French food . It is a coffee shop located near Burger King . UNK be found in the city centre . It is not
service . 
 END START The Wildwood is a family friendly restaurant . 
 END START The Twenty Two is a very child friendly Japanese restaurant . 
 END START Cotto is a Chinese restaurant that is near Ranch . It has a low customer rating and is not family friendly . 
 END START On the riverside there is a kid friendly place
near Yippee Noodle Bar . 
 END START Located in the city centre , Fitzbillies is a fast food coffee shop , not suitable for adults and has a high price range with an average customer rating . 
 END START The Dumpling Tree is a cheap French restaurant . 
 END START Clowns near Clare Hall in the city centre there is a
Café Sicilia . It is moderately priced and rated 1 out of 5 stars . It is family - friendly . 
 END START The Golden Curry Italian restaurant family friendly with an average customer rating . 
 END START The Olive Grove is a family friendly and moderately priced pub in the riverside area . 
 END START The Vaults serves expensive Indian
rating , UNK priced more than average . 
 END START There is a moderately priced , three star sushi restaurant , The Rice Boat , located near the Express by Holiday Inn . 
 END START There is a cheap French restaurant called The Rice Boat . It has a rating of 5 out of 5 but is family friendly . 
 END
Italian located near The Six Bells . 
 END START There is a French restaurant , The Green Man near All Bar One . It offers a low - priced menu in the city centre that is family - friendly . 
 END START ' The Rice ' , is a Japanese restaurant located in the city centre area . Not considered only this
a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside . It is near Clare Hall . Its customer rating is high . 
 END START There is a riverside restaurant The Rice Boat . 
 END START Browns Cambridge is a coffee shop that is child friendly and serves Italian food . It has a low customer rating . It is
food . It is located near the Café Rouge in the city centre . 
 END START The venue Strada , is family friendly pub with a cheap price range and customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
 END START The Vaults is a family friendly Italian restaurant with a price range of less than £ 20 . 
 END START Clowns
restaurant in the city centre with a low customer rating and it is not family friendly . 
 END START The Eagle is a cheap Italian coffee shop near Burger King . It isn ' t family - friendly . 
 END START There is a family friendly pub called The Plough which is located near Café Rouge . 
 END START The restaurant
END START Cocum is a coffee shop which serves Italian . It has customer rating of 1 out of 5 . It is kid friendly and moderately priced . 
 END START The Punter is a restaurant providing Italian food in the £ 20- £ 25 price range . It is located in near The Portland Arms . 
 END START Browns Cambridge is
that serves cheap French food at a low price . 
 END START Near the The Portland Arms is a family friendly pub called The Dumpling Tree 
 END START The Cambridge Blue is a fast food pub that is near the Café Brazil 
 END START Giraffe is a pub serving French food in the riverside area that is family friendly . 

a high customer rating , in the price range of more than £ 30 and is children friendly . It is located in the city centre near Express by Holiday Inn . 
 END START Strada , has a 5 out of 5 rating , pricey but family friendly . It is located near Rainbow Vegetarian Café . 
 END START The Waterman is
Cocum is a restaurant with a low customer rating . 
 END START The Eagle is a French restaurant . The customer rating is 3 out of 5 . 
 END START Family friendly Fitzbillies near Express by Holiday Inn . customer rating is 3 out of 5 . Prices range £ 20- £ 25 . 
 END START Green Man is a restaurant
START The Dumpling Tree is a family friendly pub , but it serves fast food . It is located near The Portland Arms . 
 END START Riverside has a kid - friendly coffee shop named Zizzi , it has a moderate price range and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
 END START The Golden Curry serves French food
Bar , serves Indian food , it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
 END START The Golden Curry serves Indian food in riverside and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . It is near Café Rouge 
 END START The Rice Boat is a Chinese food restaurant with an average customer rating . It is not
high prices . 
 END START The Japanese restaurant called Loch Fyne is in the city centre near The Rice Boat and is highly rated by customers . 
 END START The Dumpling Tree is a pub that serves Indian food near The Portland Arms and is family friendly . 
 END START Fitzbillies is a coffee shop in the riverside that serves Fast
. 
 END START The Clowns is a coffee shop providing Indian food It is located in the riverside . Its customer rating is high and it is near Clare Hall , there is a place called the Midsummer House . It has an average customer rating near All Bar One . 
 END START The Waterman , near the Crowne Plaza Hotel is
the a higher price range . 
 END START The Waterman is an average cheap English style restaurant located in Riverside that is not child friendly . 
 END START The Golden Curry Indian restaurant near Café Rouge and the riverside , it is family friendly , but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . 
 END START Zizzi is a
of 5 but is not family - friendly . 
 END START For English food near Crowne Plaza Hotel , The Waterman is kid friendly . 
 END START The Twenty Two is a restaurant that serves sushi . 
 END START Clowns is a cheap coffee shop that is near Clare Hall . 
 END START The Vaults is a coffee shop ,
. However , it has a low customer rating . 
 END START Alimentum provides Indian food in price range less than £ 20 . It is near Yippee Noodle Bar . Its customer rating is low . 
 END START There is a high price range pub The Olive Grove that serves English food and in riverside . it children friendly 
 END
Beefeater . UNK food in the more than £ 30 price range . 
 END START The Giraffe is a children friendly Japanese pub located in the riverside area . 
 END START The Golden Curry offers fast food , and located near The Bakers . 
 END START The Mill is a French coffee shop in the less than £ 20 price range
rating of 1 out of 5 and moderately priced . 
 END START The Golden Palace is a fast food coffee shop in the city centre . They have a moderate price range and have a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
 END START Aromi is a no that provides UNK which is located in the riverside . 
 END START
rating of 3 out of 5 . It is called The Rice Boat . 
 END START The Wrestlers is a low rated child friendly French restaurant with a high price range . 
 END START Zizzi , located in the city centre , is a moderately priced coffee shop . 
 END START The Rice Boat is located near Express by Holiday Inn
food , has average customer ratings and is not family - friendly . 
 END START In the city centre , The Rice Boat is a Fast food place with customer ratings are average . It is not family - friendly . 
 END START Near the Express by Holiday Inn is a Fitzbillies , serving Japanese food , less than £ 20 -
rating . 
 END START The Phoenix is a fast food restaurant in the city centre , with a low customer rating . 
 END START Midsummer House has an average rating , serving cheap Italian food , near All Bar One . 
 END START Strada is a restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . 
 END START The
It is located near The Rice Boat in the city centre . 
 END START The Loch Fyne restaurant offers low priced fast food but is not family - friendly . 
 END START The Plough is a kid - friendly pub Café Rouge that serves English food at a moderate price . 
 END START The Rice Boat is a family friendly ,
5 star Chinese restaurant near All Bar One . 
 END START The Wrestlers are kids friendly food is in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . 
 END START The Mill is a pub providing Indian food in the less than £ 20 price range . It is located in the city centre . 
 END
rated , Strada restaurant . 
 END START Fitzbillies serves French food in the riverside area coffee shop in the price range of £ 20 - 25 with a 3 out of 5 rating . 
 END START Family friendly Browns Cambridge has a low customer rating . It is located in city centre near the Crowne Plaza Hotel . 
 END START The
. 
 END START The Eagle is a French restaurant with a low customer rating . 
 END START The Cricketers is a pub with a 5 out of 5 customer rating located near the Ranch . 
 END START There is a no family - friendly pub called Giraffe in the city centre . It provides Japanese food in a price . 

